chore: enhance documentation (#548)
origranot/reduced.to: apps/docs/docs/overview.md

### How does it work?

> * User paste a long URL into the input field
> * After pasting the URL, User click the "Shorten" button. 
> * The application will generate a shortened URL
> * User can copy and share this shortened link with others.  
> * When the user clicks on the shortened URL, they will be redirected to the original long URL. 
> * There is also a dashboard for registered users to view their shortened URLs and track their performance.

Reviewer: Consider change the text according to my suggestion.

```suggestion
* User pastes a long URL in the input field.
* Clicks "Shorten" button.
* The app creates a shorter URL.
* User can copy and share it.
* Clicking the short URL redirects to the long one.
* Registered users access a dashboard to track their links.
```
